# LLAMA SLOBBER APPLICATIONS

The applications in this directory are used to generate the json file and
csv file information in the subdirectories here.

## Applications

### save_personal_data.py

Save personal information (College, Location, Gender) for all current
Learned League players.  Save in directory named personal.

***

### save_user_hist.py

Save_user_hist method is called by save_match_info.py and save_q_hist.py
to do most of the work.

***

### save_match_info.py

Using generated_files/people.json, get the results of all matches.  Save in
match_data.  Each match_data entry contains 100 individual match histories
for 100 players.

***

### save_q_hist.py

Using generated_files/people.json, get the results of everyone's question
history (indexed by person, then by subject field, then by correct or not.
Save in question_data.  Each question_data entry contains 100 individual
question histories for 100 players.

***

### find_wlt_best.py

Scan through the files in match_data.  Look for patterns of won-loss-tie
numbers that repeat.  Save the ones with the smallest cycle and return a
dictionary indexed by player, where each entry is a season number and the
cycle length.  Only the shortest ones are returned.  Results are stored in
generated_html/cycle_data.html.  Also, cycle data for all users is stored
in generated/wlt_cycles.csv, with a player's cycle data listed in the form
X-Y where X is the season and Y is the length of the cycle.

***

### find_wonder.py

Scan through the files in match_data.  Compute wonder_values for all users.
Save information on the best and worst wonder values (both net and average)
in generated_html/wonder.html.  Wonder values for all users are saved in
wonder.csv.

***

### find_mops.py

Find the mops values for all users and save in generated_files/mops.csv.
The numbers saved here are the total matches played, number of scorigami
values left, and a listing of the scores still needed to achieve scorigami.
If a player's scorigami values left is 0, then that player has achieved
scorigami and instead of matches played, the match number is the number
of matches needed to achieve scorigami.  The players who achieved scorigami
in four seasons or fewer are listed in generated_files/mops.html.

## Directories

### personal

Contains json files named after the Rundle from which the data was
generated.  Each json file contains the rundle's players school,
location, and gender.


### match_data

Generated by save_match_info.

Files in this directory are of the form X__Y.json where X is the name of the
first person in the file, and Y is the name of the last person in the file.
The names are in alphabetical order.  Each of these files is 100 entries long.


### question_data

Generated by save_q_hist.

Files have the same name as those in match_data.  The data stored is a
dictionary of people, containing dictionaries of subjects, each cotaining
a list of questions answered correctly and a list of questions answered
incorrectly.


### html_texts

Files in this subdirectory are inserted into generated html.

* cycle_data.txt -- inserted into generated_files/cycle_data.html
* mops.txt -- inserted into generated_files/mops.html


### generated_files

The files generated here are either json files used by applications programs,
html pages displayed on the Llama Slobber site, or csv files which contain
information on all llamas.

 * cycle_data.html -- generated by find_wlt_best.py
 * everybody.json -- generated by save_personal_data.py
 * locations.csv -- generated by save_personal_data.py
 * mops.csv -- generated by find_mops.py
 * mops.html -- generated by find_mops.py
 * people.json -- generated by save_personal_data.py
 * schools.csv -- generated by save_personal_data.py
 * cycles.csv -- generated by find_wlt_best.py
 * wonder.csv -- generated by find_wonder.py
 * wonder.html -- generated by find_wonder.py
